---
layout: post
title:  "GramPS - GPS Wearable for the Elderly"
date:   2016-11-01
desc: "A smart watch to encourage elderly with restricted mobility to go the extra mile! A design project for Innovation and Design Centric Program."
keywords: "Design Thinking, Design, UI/UX"
categories: [Portfolio]
tags: [Design, Thinking, UI/UX]
icon: fa-users
---

<p class="text-justify"> 
  This project was done for a Design Thinking module under the Innovation and Design Centric Program. In this project, I worked with a team of four to solve a design problem. We were given a case study of an elderly (a persona). <br>
<br>
  The persona we were given was Mr. Kang. Mr. Kang was an independent seeker who wants to feel young again. However, due to mobility restraints from old age, he requires a great amount of effort to merely purchase a take-away meal from the food store downstairs. Gathering insights and using design thinking models, we arrived at a design statement:<br>
<br>
<center><b><i>"How might we empower him (the elderly) to travel to further places?"</i></b><br></center>
<br>
As such, we arrived at our solution - the GPS system that is integrated into their homes, watch and even their walking stick. This GPS system encourages the elderly to leave the house by giving them a sense of security. By allowing them to find out the direction of the nearest facility, we encourage them to go the extra mile without worrying about being tired, or having to go to the bathroom. <br>
<br>
</p>
<center>Below is our presentation deck: </center><br>
<center> <iframe src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vTL7dIFKV-7t7Aut2bX7y2VlBNNvnI0J1NPHn6BZyLOUnukPosIQhfrnouAVvPfjFoZaFSnI92_sLpi/embed?start=true&loop=false&delayms=3000" frameborder="0" width="640" height="390" allowfullscreen="true" mozallowfullscreen="true" webkitallowfullscreen="true"></iframe> </center>
<br>
<center> And a short introductory video: </center><br>
<center><iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B2ldJ8lnN3vTdXFvYWozOS0yNzg/preview" width="640" height="480"></iframe></center>
<br>
In this project, my main part was designing the smart watch interface. For the design thinking process, the whole team was involved. As it was only a semester-long project, we were only required to come up with the first prototype.<br>
<br>